Tell me about yourself:

Hi, I am Mohanapriya V. I have 4 years of experience in Manual and Automation Testing. I worked as Senior Consultant at Datamatics Global Services Pvt ltd.
I am currently on Maternity Break. Just started resuming my career.

With respect to Automation Experience: I have worked in Telecom project. As an automation engineer My roles and responsibilities were
1. Understanding the framework and we have used Page object model as Design Pattern.
2. Participation in the brain storming session to dicuss about the methods and advancement in the framework
3. Creating the object repositories for each page as java class with resuable methods and webelemenets related to the application page
4. Creating the Test Scripts for the regression testcases and debugging the scripts
5. Running the Regression Test Suite against the new build using TestNG
6. Logging the defects in JIRA for failed testcases
7. Reruning the failed testcases using testng-failed.xml file Performing the regression on the same build to ensure the stability of the application
8. Maintaining the Test Management and Defect Tracking Tool based on the Execution
9. Sharing the Test Execution status across the team

With respect to Manual Experience: I have worked as Software Test Engineer at American Technology consulting Pvt ltd. The Domain is e-Learning and e-commerce


1. Understanding the requirement specification document and user stories
2. Participating in the grooming calls and discussing about the user stories
3. In the sprint planning meeting, stories were picked by giving story points
4. Drafting Test Scenarios and shared among the team get them approved
5. Deriving Test cases from Test Scenarios in the test management tool Testrail
6. Once the build was released Performing basic Smoke Testing on the released build to ensure the build stability
7. Running the test cases against build and maintain the execution status in the tool 
8. For failed testcases, logging defects in the JIRA and assigning it to the developer
9. For fixed defects, retesting performed and updating the status in the JIRA Ticket
10. For Different Environment above process was repeated

